# Code Readme
Below is a descrion of the code used for the project. The code for the porject is a folder called Final and a javascript file called controller.js. The Final folder contains the code for the ESP32. The controller.js file contains the code for the server. 

The folder named Final is built on the udp server starter code found from esp-idf. 

The controller.js file is a javascript file that is ran on node js. This files continously queries the user for input and sends the input to the ESP32 via a UDP socket on port 12345.

### Files

#### udp_server.c
This file is the main file for the ESP32. This code is the brains of the project and includes the following fuctions:
- Connects to Wifi
- Hosts a UDP server on port 12345
- I2C communication
  - I2C Communication with the alphanumeric display 0x70
  - !2c Communication with the LIDAR sensor to address 0x62
- GPIO Pins for Echo and Trigger communication with the ultrasonic sensors
- PWN control for the Servo
- PWN control for the Motor Controller
- State control via the input from the user

#### Controller.js
This function will take an input from the user and send it to the ESP32 via a UDP socket on port 12345. The ESP32 will then take the input and control the state of the vehicle. This file is ran on node js. 


### Supporting Websites:
- PID Loop: https://www.inpharmix.com/jpsPID_Controller_For_Lego_Mindstorms_Robots.html
- UDP Server Starter Code: https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/blob/master/examples/protocols/sockets/udp_server/README.md

### AI Use

We used Chat GPT 3.5 to generate the code for the for controller.js file. The code was generated by the following prompt:

***Prompt***

```
Write a javascript file that will continously prompt the user for input and send the input to the ESP32 via a UDP socket on port 12345. The file will be run on a node server.
```

***Code Attribution***

I have included a comment in my code for this assignment stating the following:

```
// This code block was generated by Noah using {chat.openai.com
GPT-3.5} on {11/8/2023}
```
